some heroes are unshakable others are
unstoppable
but only one chi is part of a portable
10 piece set
Rex Tasha at your service
[Music]
- for your next mission we're partnering
you with two civilians down well play
this way after me this was just garbage
over the last several months a top
secret organization has caused citizens
from different lands to vanish into thin
air that's not good I need you two to
help rescue them we're running out of
time I'm 100% almost sure
[Applause]
this entire city is guarded day and
night time to go save the world
[Applause]
that was terrifying but also kind of
exhilarating
Rex I know you love me you don't need to
say
um I was just gonna say you forgot your
sunglasses
tell the boss tells here to see her I
got a Dell down here asking to see Miss
G no not Adele that'd be awesome
[Music]
five four three two one
to understand the weather is to prepare
our world for floods droughts famines
I asked for funding for my own
expedition into the skies
you've been assigned the
responsibilities to change the world you
have to meet it
find another madman to get in the
balloon with all perhaps that woman are
you miss rent I need to make studies of
the air I need you were to fly us higher
than anyone has ever been you even have
a balloon not yet will you help me
you're incredibly late are you ready you
have no conception of how ready I am
there's pressure who's changing fast and
so it begins
Oh
have you even been in a balloon do you
have experience of a lack of oxygen to
the brain what have we to lose a lice
this could be more important than our
lives
have you noticed it's completely silent
we are now higher than anyone has ever
been still no sign of them
[Music]
our aim was to create a plant with a
scent that makes its owner happy we are
entering a new era here the first mood
lifting antidepressant happy plant we've
received orders from all over the world
I just wanted to say that I feel really
proud to be working with you look what I
have for you what do you say we call him
Little Joe you have to take good care of
it keep it warm talk to it it needs
attention what's so special about
it makes you happy haven't you noticed
how chris has changed
I think Little Joe's pollen has
triggered something the tool drove
changes the people he infects your
starting status tool aren't you
[Music]
fear can distort our perception of
reality if I make a mistake then it's my
fault it seems that this has opened a
bit much for you frightens me
you're a good mother which of your
children will you choose
[Music]
you don't
vamos a sacar mafia I'm Elena Roberto
Nava syllabus really like busy day
gentlemen
because I did pass a zipper
[Music]
Rosetta
Sophia's educator at the pizza boy
whoever so the developer Los Angeles
hush it masks opposites in combined
promenade Turkish Hollywood movie John
Mayer our young citrus courtesy call it
over my urgency passage in I say pass
Cuba which was you government whenever I
come home go visit Samba I see mother
[Music]
Camero toys didn't tip up
you don't need to cheat on baka dodging
FIFA let's get a new tape going all
right Richard here's what we're gonna do
we need a voice exemplar I want you to
say into this phone there's a bomb in
Centennial Park you have 30 minutes
Richard your national hero now thank you
sir but I'll just do my job you always
look at the guy who found the bomb just
like you always look at the guy on the
body jewel fits the profile of the lone
bomber a frustrated white man who is a
police wannabe who seeks to become a
hero we're running it you're a suspect
you don't talk I talk safe Auto tone
this might be the only way to clear your
name I want you to say there's a bomb in
Centennial Park you have 30 minutes stop
trying to be the best friend I was
raised to respect authority
authorities looking to eat you alive
there's a bomb in Centennial Park if 30
minutes I'm sorry what his accusers are
two of the most powerful forces in the
world the United States government and
the media I do want to help you out law
enforcement to
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes did he do it Richard
Jewell is an innocent man he's a hero
there's a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes
one more times a little louder I report
the facts you've ruined this man's life
there's a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes to a couple rooms
son saved people's lives
[Music]
there is a bomb in Centennial Park you
have 30 minutes
I don't big how to protect you
like your client is guilty as hell they
want to fry you
you ready to start fighting back to my
privilege to teach you this semester
enjoy your winter breaks and Merry
Christmas sup ladies excited for tonight
it is the last day of our last fall
semester of college
ever
[Music]
can you take a photo of all of us of
course where's Helena but she was pining
back a soda
but she looked really good she's we
should know better go back by herself
she's fine
come on little little
[Music]
[Applause]
if I were missing I'd want you to
unleash the bloodhounds and track me
down
she was a dko last night just in
creating problems all right hello hello
I'm worried that something bad happened
I guess we don't break could just be a
delay of some sort snow my friend is
missing nine times out of ten the girls
just with a boyfriend I will bring you
to your knees
[Music]
what this can't be real this rule has
200 years of history many sacrifices
have been made to keep our traditions
alive you're insane
tired of hiding
I'm tired of running oh you messed with
the wrong sisters
[Music]
where's the jungle this is a whole new
thing nobody told us we add it to a
whole new page
I'm coming grandpa morning did you guys
see Spencer is that think he went back
in we gotta go get it a weird Florida oh
my god wait my joints feel like lose
myself I came back and things actually
got worse look at this
whoa - we have some issues here the game
is busted listen up now this is a
dangerous place you've got to have eyes
in the back
Sam Hill just happened to him
would you look at me I haven't looked
like this since never
you look like this never I think my eyes
are a different color all of you is a
different color strengths and weaknesses
linguistics oh goodness nunchucks that's
new
damn that's a good list weaknesses Pete
son and Fang how is this guy a character
in an adventure game we have to find
Spencer and Bethany this next adventure
is even more challenging
this time not all of you will leave the
gang
Besame thought you might need some help
where is Bethenny she's right here
she says oh my god like I'm a total
horse terrible job what are you talking
about that's passed my driver's test
last month okay
we're not gonna make it we're gonna make
it hopefully we're gonna make it we're
gonna make it
we're not gonna make it
[Music]
what happened I missed you so much oh my
god you guys hi Bethany you guys back
and you mangy you have to adopt the
mentality of an Irish street cop the
world is a bad place people are lazy
morons minorities are criminals sex is
sick but interesting ask yourself what
would scare my grandmother or piss off
my grandfather and that's a Fox story Oh
women are everywhere well let them play
golf and tennis now no charge on the
phone because you called me a skirt yes
yeah attitude off-camera was even worse
you're a man hater learn to get along
with the boys you're sexy but you're too
much work I have a whole list we'll
other women comes forward you may have
heard there was a dust-up involving
yours truly and presidential contender
Donald Trump there was blood coming out
of her eyes blood coming out of her
wherever gone did he just accuse me of
ingre men straining wait am I gonna be
the story no no I'm gonna be the story
no nobody stops watching because of a
conflict they stopped watching when
there isn't one I want to convince you
that I belong on air mr. Ailes I think
I'd be freaking phenomenal on your
network I could pluck you out and move
you to the front of the line but I need
to know that you're loyal I need you to
find a way to prove it
[Music]
even though I wrong I just got that door
block in his office someone has to speak
up someone has to get mashed FoxNews
star gretchen carlson dropped a major
bomb shell today what is she doing this
could kill Fox News we need everyone on
Team Watcher get it on put it on these
are at the end times you do understand I
have to be above this Ray and you know
the entire country is talking about your
period right now sweetheart
this is an island of safety and truth
[Music]
ready to go to war oh yeah breathless
made you a star of the new wave why do
you think the French fell in love with
you they fell in love with the character
they get me instead and who is that who
is Jean Seberg
[Music]
million Americans look at you and they
see and escape they want the girl from
the Midwest America's Sweetheart
I've been trying to get away from that
girl my whole life this country is at
war with itself Vietnam the oppression
of black people in America it's the same
disgusting racism the revolution needs
movie stars who's that Samaki just
driving some free publicity she has a
history of donations to civil rights
groups
she's a sympathizer sir I think she
could be useful you must be some kind of
crazy to come to this neighborhood in
that car was it my money were chasing I
wasn't me they've tapped our phones
they're listening I can hear these
little clicks on the line I think it's
the government where have you been I
kept this late at the office our job is
to cheapen our image in the eyes of the
public there's things that I've been
ordered to do those are pictures from
our bedroom are you having an affair
they're pushing her too hard she's
coming apart this comes from above you
can't stand that I might be a part of
something more important than books or
articles or movies what are you a part
of exhibit the end of two marriages
how is it he's swaying by your limousine
open your legs and your checkbook and
you think that gives you the right to
anything you want I only ever wanted to
help well that doesn't make you a better
person that makes you a tourist to
defame somebody who speaks out against
their government is the type of
persecution you run around with a
handful of nails looking for across the
diet you deserve to know the truth
woman has her secrets tonight is a
magical night where I choose the cat
that deserves a new life going to the
ball could get dangerous
[Music]
-
I've got a cat bite so I've got plenty
of soul
spotlight and a drumroll please
his party time
the most deserving cat will be reborn
into another life
so they can be they've always dreamed to
be
what's your name cat got your tongue
[Music]
don't mess with the crazy cat lady
now it is time to make the trace right
well that's not going to work is it
that's why I say to you
[Music]
it's an instinctive feeling
the force brought together
we're not home good people will fight if
we lead them
[Music]
people keep telling me they know me
no one does
[Music]
thank you
long have I wait
and to know
you're coming together
is your undoing
what are you doing there or Threepio
taking one last look sir
but my friends
frontin fear is the destiny of a Jedi
your destiny
[Music]
the force will be with you always
let the beat drop I was the world's
greatest spy sleepy night-night
but then you turn me into a pigeon you
better unburden eat right now you kind
of bird it yourself oh there's a bad guy
who needs to be stopped and now I have
to try to stop him while being a bird
lucky for you I mean women
Wow
[Music]
let's get weird
[Applause]
[Music]
nobody
all right Kimora starting it's about to
get messy
time to go sleepy night-night
I miss my hands I'm working on a novel
it is a story of my life
and my sisters make it short and spicy
and if the main character is a girl
make sure she's married by the end Wow
I want to be an artist in Rome and be
the best painter in the world what you
want to isn't a Joe to be a famous
writer yes well it sounds so crass when
she says my girls have a way of getting
into mischief well so do I this is Meg
Amy Beth I'm Joe
I intend to make my own way in the world
no one makes their own way least of all
a woman you'll need to marry well you
are not married not well that's because
I'm rich
so would you like to dance with me I
can't because I scorched my dress and
you made told me to keep still so no one
would see it I have an idea that we can
manage
Joe is a lost cause
that's you are your family's hope
I believe we'd have some power over who
we love it isn't something that just
happens to a person I think the poet's
might disagree we can leave right now
I'll sell stories join you here should
be an actress and you should have a life
on the stage just because my dreams are
different than yours doesn't mean
they're unimportant new play written by
Miss Joe Mars
women they have minds and they have
souls as well as just hearts I want to
be great or nothing and they've got
ambition and they've got talent as well
as just beauty I'm so sick of people
saying that love is just all of them in
that's it for I'm so sick of it
[Music]
[Applause]
there are some nature's to laughing
about
[Music]
so who does she marry tell me everything
that happened the first time I visited
death row I wasn't expecting to meet
somebody the same age as me from a
neighborhood just like ours
could have been me mama but what you're
doing is gonna make a lot of people
upset you always taught me to fight for
the people who need the help most your
life is still meaningful and I'm gonna
do everything possible to keep them from
taking you all know what you into down
here now better when you get it from the
moment you're born God mr. McMillan we
done here mr. McMillan please I was just
about to give up when I got a call from
a Harvard lawyer looking to start a
legal Center for inmates on death row I
was in before he even offered me the job
buta lawyer yes ma'am thank you so much
for driving all the way out here most
lawyers barely make time to call I can't
believe you talked to all my people see
well thankfully I did I mean a lot you
don't digging in those wounds you're
gonna be making a lot of people very
unhappy
when people care about the thing that
much tell me anything to get what they
want when I first learned about all this
it was like looking at a river full of
drowning people not having any way of
helping them
[Music]
new equipment no sir
each of us is more than the worst thing
that we've ever done I know what it's
like to be in the shadows
[Music]
it's my dad he did nothing wrong
it's never too late for justice
you know one kid another fight for me
if we can look at herself close
we can change this world for the better
we all need Chris
we all need mercy
I might shoot back you get your
head telling and ain't nobody gonna take
their folks bike pick a man bring your
kit
I hoped today might be a good day
hope is a dangerous thing
you have a brother in the second
Battalion yes sir
they're walking into a trap your orders
are to deliver a message calling off
tomorrow morning's attack
if you fail
it will be a massacre let's talk about
this room minutes why
we've got August across here that is the
German frontline if we're not clever
about this no one will get to your
brother
Oh will
[Music]
there's only one way this ends
Last Man Standing
[Music]
we need to keep moving come on
how possibly make it that way man you
bloody insane
[Music]
if you don't get there in time
we will lose 1,600 men no brother among
them good luck
how do you keep doing it I do my job
he's next 24 hours are crucial Anthony's
defense attorney has already asked for a
reprieve from the governor's office you
want to play this good guys and bad guys
no more the bad guys
I give these men respect all the way
through
I want to share a bed with my wife how
long is this gonna be going on
[Music]
oh we want this to be seen and to be
heard minister you not over I don't know
if this is gonna make things about it
but I'm trying can't understand can't
know what it's like I am going to fight
for him right up until the very moment
you stick that needle in his arm
you've given me hope I can't do this on
my own
[Music]
warden